{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16940\viewh14900\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Overall Summary and Context
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 The Google Forms survey results were downloaded as a Microsoft Excel file (.xlsx) named 
\f0\b \'93\strokec2 data_survey\strokec2 .xlsx\'94
\f1\b0  where the data preparation steps were initiated. Additionally, a separate \outl0\strokewidth0 Microsoft Excel \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 worksheet titled 
\f0\b \'93\strokec2 data_survey_for_python.xlsx\strokec2 \'94
\f1\b0  was created for Python to analyse the data, without looking over different sheets.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Summary \'93data_survey.xlsx\'94:
\f1\b0\fs24 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 The \'91Total\'92 sheet is the original export from the Google Form survey; this raw data was formatted into a Table for clarity and analysis, then it was cleaned to address incomplete entries and correct country names. \
The second sheet, \'91Overview Analysis\'92 provides an overall summary to offer an initial grasp of the results. \
The third sheet, \'91Gen Z and Millennials\'92 contains the table from the first sheet, copy-pasted and filtered by the \'91Age\'92 column to focus on the target groups: \outl0\strokewidth0 aged 18 to 44. \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Further, an additional column named \'91
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Financial_Stability\'92 in cell X1 
\f1\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 was added using an Excel formula to identify financially stable customers, in order to test hypothesis 
\f0\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 H2, which proposes that brands avoiding BNPL will be preferred by financially stable or high-status shoppers. 
\f1\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  If a participant selected the option \'91
\f0\b Pay the full $200 at once
\f1\b0 .\'92 as their response to the final question in the Google survey, they were marked as financially stable (assigned a value of 1). All other responses were considered not financially stable (assigned a value of 0). \
The formula used for the new column was: 
\f0\b =IF(EXACT(TRIM(CLEAN(W2));\'e2\'80\'9cPay the full $200 at once.\'e2\'80\uc0\u157 );1;0)
\f1\b0 \
The fourth sheet, \'91Gen Z and Millennials analysis\'92 takes all the information from the third sheet. Here, a general analysis was conducted, including the total count of participants, distribution by country, calculation of means (averages), and the application of gradient fill data bars to facilitate visual interpretation of the results.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The sheet, \'91Gen Z and Millennials\'92 (third sheet) was copy-pasted into a new Excel file to facilitate easier data manipulation and analysis in Python. This new Excel is called 
\f0\b \outl0\strokewidth0 \'93data_survey_for_python.xlsx\'94
\f1\b0 . This last one mentioned, had no further manipulation whatsoever.
\fs24 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}